Through our professional school,
Supply Chain Management, we are committed
to not only meeting training requirements,
but also to ensuring that our training curriculum
takes a holistic and synergistic approach
to creating a workforce that is regarded
as Best-in-Class and is sought out
by peers and customers for their expertise
in crafting the most effective and efficient
strategies to meet mission needs.
This training incorporates electives
that address the entire suite of competencies
needed for success, such as innovation,
leadership, team building, communication,
and interpersonal skills,
aligning course content to achieve
greater consistency in standardization
and performing supply chain functions
and leveraging institutional knowledge and wisdom
of VAs existing supply chain workforce
by creating knowledge-sharing activities
and opportunities for all employees
coming through our programs.